Portfolio Landing Page
Create a portfolio webpage using HTML and CSS, which will later act as the landing page for your programming portfolio. Do not use a template to create your initial HTML and Bootstrap. Begin your work with an empty page and an initial empty commit.

Your CSS stylesheet must be named styles.css and reside in a css directory. Your HTML file page must be called index.html.

Your project should include the following:

Your name.
An image of you, or something that represents you.
A list of projects you have created with active links to their GitHub pages sites or GitHub repositories.
For each, include a brief description of the project and what languages it uses.
An “About Me” section.
Your background (education, job experience, or why did you decide to take a class on programming, etc).
Your current interests, hobbies, and skills.
A gh-pages branch so that your site may be viewed on GitHub Pages at your-username.github.io/portfolio.
Don't forget your Git commits with an initial commit and a commit for every major code change, and include a README in your GitHub repository!

Objectives
<hr>

Your instructor will review your code for the following objectives:

The following HTML tags are all used: p, h, ul, ol, li, em, strong, a, img, div, and span.
Bootstrap classes are used to style the page. This means explicitly using classes mentioned on this page, not just linking in the Bootstrap stylesheet.
Project includes a custom-made stylesheet that uses typography styles, cascading, the box model, and floats.
Code is clean, well-refactored, and easy-to-read. This includes correct indendation, spacing, and including only necessary comments and debugging tools.
Commits are made regularly with clear messages that finish the phrase "It will…"
The project repo contains a README that includes:
author name
project or program name
description of program
program setup instructions
link to site on GitHub Pages
copyright and license information
Site is successfully deployed to GitHub pages.
Project is in a polished, portfolio-quality state.
Required content was in place by the Friday deadline.
Project demonstrates an understanding of this week's concepts. If prompted, you can discuss your code with an instructor using the correct terminology.
Submission
<hr>

Submit your code for review to the Git, HTML and CSS code review on Epicenter by the end of class on Friday. Do not submit the link to your live GitHub Pages site (ie: your-username.github.io/your-portfolio). Instead, submit the link to the GitHub repository containing your code (ie: github.com/your-username/your-portfolio.git).

Visit Independent Projects and Code Reviews for details on how to submit your code, how feedback works and course completion requirements.